Accessibility is a fundamental human
right recognised in Australia.
It is also a responsibility
of the New South Wales Government.
Accessibility is grounded
in international, Commonwealth
and state laws.
The Commonwealth Anti-Discrimination
Act and Disability
Discrimination Act and the New South
Wales Disability Inclusion Act
all mark milestones
towards inclusivity and equality.
Australia is a signatory
of the UN Convention
on the Rights of Persons
with Disabilities, committing us
to making our work accessible
for people with disability.
The Commonwealth Disability
Discrimination Act
also states it's unlawful
to discriminate based on disability.
Accessibility is a standard
guided by the Australian standard
on accessibility and W3C web
guidelines.
The New South Wales
Government strives
to ensure accessible ICT products
and services.
As New South Wales
Government staff, it's essential
to consider accessibility
in your daily work tasks.
Every cluster
has its own New South Wales
Disability Inclusion Action Plan,
and it is our obligation to ensure
that our digital products
and services
are accessible to everyone.